// The following exercise contains the following subjects:
// ● Ternaries
// ● Logical operators
// Instructions
// Create a simple password validation function that takes a
// password string as an argument.
// If the length of the password is more than 7 characters return
// “Strong”. If it is less than 7 characters long return “Weak.
// 1. Create a function that uses an if/else conditional
// expression.
// function psswStrength(password) {
//     if(password.length > 7) {
//         return "Strong"
//     }
//     else {
//         return "Weak"
//     }
// }
// console.log(psswStrength('ghty'))

// 2. Create a function that uses a ternary conditional
// expression.
// function psswStrength(password) {
//     return password.length > 7 ? "Strong" : "Weak"
// }
// console.log(psswStrength('ghgdhtfjftty'))

// 3. Create a function that uses a && logical operator.
// 4. Create an “advanced” password validation function that
// takes a password string as an argument.
// If the password length is more than 7 characters long and
// has at least one capital letter return “Very Strong”. If the
// password length is only 7 characters long returns “Strong”.
// If the password length is less than 7 characters long return
// “Weak”
// Use only a ternary conditional expression.

const isUpperCase = function(word) {
    counter = 0
    for(let i = 0; i < word.length; i++) {
        if(word[i].toUpperCase() == word[i]) {
            counter += 1
        }
    if(counter > 0) {
        return true
    }
    }
}

function psswStrength(password) {
    return password.length > 7 && isUpperCase(password) ? "Very Strong"
    : password.length > 7 ? "Strong"
    : "Weak"

}

console.log(psswStrength('bvghkfnNMNdf'))