// The following exercise contains the following subjects:
// ● Array
// Instructions
// For each of the questions below, answer the questions with this
// array:
const people = ["Greg", "Mary", "Devon", "James"]
// 1. Using a loop, iterate through this array and console.log all
// of the people.
for(let i = 0; i < people.length; i++) {
    console.log(people[i])
}

// 2. Write the command to remove "Greg" from the array.
people.splice(people.indexOf("Greg"), 1)
console.log(people)
// 3. Write the command to remove "James" from the array.
people.splice(people.indexOf("James"), 1)
console.log(people)
// 4. Write the command to add "Matt" to the front of the array.
people.splice(0, 0, "Matt")
console.log(people)
// 5. Write the command to add your name to the end of the
// array.
people.push("Sofia")
console.log(people)
// 6. Using a loop, iterate through this array, and after
// console.log "Mary", exit from the loop.

// 7. Write the command to make a copy of the array using a
// slice. The copy should NOT include "Mary" or "Matt".
console.log(people.slice(2))

// 8. Write the command that gives the indexOf where "Mary"
// is located.
console.log(people.indexOf("Mary"))

// 9. Write the command that gives the indexOf where "Foo" is
// located (this should return -1).
console.log(people.indexOf("Foo"))

// 10. Redefine the people variable with the value you started
// with. Using the splice command, remove "Devon" from
// the array and add "Elizabeth"
// and "Artie". Your array should look like this when you are
// done ["Greg", "Mary", "Elizabeth", "Artie",
// "James"].
const people2 = ["Greg", "Mary", "Devon", "James"]
people2.splice(people2.indexOf("Devon"), 1, "Elizabeth", "Artie")
console.log(people2)
// 11. Create a new variable called withBob and set it equal
// to the people array concatenated with the string of "Bob"
let withBob = people2 + "Bob"
console.log(withBob)